Larry lived in what was probably the roughest neighborhood in San Jose.  



He had driven across town to see a movie with friends.  After the movie, Larry
arrived at a Jack In The Box next to the theatre, with the best of intentions.
Specifically, he wasn't going to drink a soft drink or eat any fried shit.



When he walked in, things changed.



A white homeless man, clearly off his meds, was arguing across the front
counter with the Indian store manager, who clearly did not understand what the
white guy was saying.  There was no intelligible communication going on other
than "You get out!" and "Sell me a big mac, shit!"



Larry waited through about half a minute of this at the entrance to the line,
behind the retractable belt barriers that were meant to organize the non-
existent mob of customers into an s-shaped herd.  When the two belligerents
began exchanging slaps, he could see things getting out of control.



Although slapping across the counter with gusto, the store manager was not
able to make much progress on the hardened homeless guy.  The homeless guy was
an even worse striker, and didn't seem able to slap someone right in front of
him.  But it wouldn't be long before someone got hurt.



Larry slipped under the barriers, sidled up to the homeless guy, put an arm up
in between the now flailing limbs of the two belligerents, and told them both
to stop.



Larry had a way with people like this.  He told the homeless guy, once he
caught his eye, "It's o.k! We'll get you a burger!" and told the store
manager, "It's o.k. You don't want the cops!  We'll get out of here!" and
repeated those phrases a couple times.  They stopped long enough for Larry to
give the homeless guy a 10 dollar bill and ask him, "Please don't give this
guy your business.  McDonalds is down the street, you can buy a Big Mac
there!"  The homeless guy left, still exchanging harsh words with the store
manager as he walked out the door.



The manager, once calmed down by Larry, sold Larry a meal.  Larry calmed down
himself while he waited for it.  He felt pretty good about breaking that up.
Neither of the two belligerents were really happy with him right at that
moment, but Larry knew he had done the right thing.  He got a smile and a
thumbs up from one of the patrons that caught his eye as he turned toward the
door.



\-----------



Before stepping out of Jack-In-The-Box on Santa Clara avenue, Larry had zero
guns pointed at his head.  He had a bagful of greasy food he was anxious to
eat.  The bag contained a sourdough bacon burger covered in white cheese and
grease that, in larrys mind, had already soaked through the bun, into the
paper, and onto the equally flimsy paper wrapper of the onion rings.  The
grease from each product mixed into the paper wrapping of the next, making it
imperative to Larry that he array these food products on the seat of his car
in short order, before the structural integrity of their individual wrappings
completely failed, causing them to fall from the bag or entirely mix into a
greasy pile of slew, which he knew he would eat anyway.



He pushed open the creaky brown-anodized aluminum double-door of Jack-in-the-
box and out of the corner of his right eye he saw a young white cop pointing a
beretta at his head.  The black cop to his slight left raised his glock a
fraction of a second later.  Larry slowed quickly to a stop, raising both his
bag of grease and his free left hand.  "Whoa!", he said.



The barrel of a gun to your head just seems like a horrible idea.  Most people
who experience it can't tell you how it feels, because in that moment they
aren't thinking about their feelings.  They're thinking more about how fucked
up the situation is, and how they might express some influence on said
situation, carefully.  With two guns to his head, Larry was thinking pretty
hard about how he might influence the situation in his favor.  He favored not
getting shot.



"Don't move!" shouted the cop in front of him.  "Put your hands behind your
head!"

"What's going on?" Larry said, trying to seem as genuinely offended as he was,
and not as shocked as he was.

"Put your hands behind your back.  Put your hands behind your back!" yelled
the white cop, who seemed like a rookie.

Larry was able to comply, but too slowly for the white cop, who was holstering
his gun and roughly pulling his hands behind his back.  Larry was vaguely
conscious of his Jack-In-The-Box bag dropping somewhere behind him.



Larry was treated roughly, his questions ignored, and stuffed into the back of
a squad car.  He kept trying to ask questions, and became more and more pissed
off as the situation played out.  Part of him was happy to be alive.  That
part of him, however, just encouraged the part that was getting more and more
pissed off.



By the time they had brought Larry back out of the car, and the civilian that
two more officers had brought from the parking lot to identify Larry had
clearly explained that Larry was not the person they were looking for, Larry
was yelling at the cops.  They decided to take Larry down to the station.



This all made perfect sense to Larry in the way that beating seals made
perfect sense.  It was just part of the system that had always been around.
From grade school through the Marine Corps, this is just how dickheads he knew
behaved.



The police kicked his legs, hit him in the back, and slammed him into a cell.
After unsuccessfully scaring him (words just didn't seem scary compared to gun
barrels), they moved on to other things.  Basically, they didn't get so
nervous they killed him, and instead got distracted by some other shiny
object, while Larry was left to think.



He thought about boot camp and Frank Zappa.



\-----



When he arrived at boot camp, he got off the bus with maybe thirty other
recruits.  He didn't see anything unusual for a while, except a whole lot of
nervous fear from recruits that were not mentally prepared.  Fortunately, it
was a pretty ethnically diverse group.  There were a lot of black guys, white
guys, asians, mexicans, a couple unidentifiables, and even an American indian.
They were just stripping down, getting yelled at, and standing in lines.  Then
he saw something that he would remember.



Sitting in a line of a half-dozen barber chairs, carrying half his clothes in
his hands, getting his head shaved, he faced a mirror.  The mirror stretched
across the barbers room, a good twenty-five feet, in front of the chairs.
This way, everyone could see their transformation, as well as the line of
recruits with shaved heads behind the barbers chairs.



He realized he couldn't tell the difference between recruits.  Even skin
color, you just didn't notice at that time.  You weren't looking at it.  Even
if you were, it got a whole lot harder to identify ethnicity.  Even if you
did, you didn't care.  Point is, everyone genuinely looked the same to him at
that moment.



That feeling he had in that mirror didn't last long.  Larry learned no one was
color blind.  Still, the Marines in the first unit he ended up in were still
way cooler about race than 90% of Americans Larry had met.  Larry could
approach and be part of any one of their groups, but they definitely
gravitated toward their own ethnicities given no other encouragement.  He
learned to handle that on a case by case basis and got along with everyone who
wasn't a total douche, ass-kisser, or way-out violent nut-job.  He even got
along with most of those guys most of the time.



Frank Zappa knew a lot about identity, Larry thought.  He was a long-time
favorite of non-conformists.  What Larry remembered was his music.  His music
told Larry that Frank knew individuals did not profess to be groups.  They
lost their minds when they did that.



\-------



The cops gave Larry a lecture about how they were looking for someone that fit
his description seen going into the Jack-In-The-Box, and even though the
eyewitness had clearly stated they had the wrong man, they had arrested him
for his own good.  After a half-hour of waiting in cuffs, and another lecture
about how he had attacked them outside his cell, rather than the other way
around, they let him go.  It was 3AM.



They didn't even strip-search him.  Maybe they were out of gloves.  He still
had his black cowhide jacket, jeans, running shoes, shirt, underwear, wallet,
cash, unmolested asshole, car keys, and socks.  God bless America.



He walked the three hours back to his car across San Jose.  The Mexican guys
at the park on 13th street were all smiles, although he didn't want any.
Larry knew they were always friendly to zombie-like white guys with long hair,
a beard, and a leather jacket at 4AM on a Saturday morning.  Larry just looked
like business to them.  That was part of the reason Larry kept his hair the
way he did.  Gang-bangers preferred people who did not look like cops.  Larry
had looked like a cop when he got out of the corps.  Cops loved him then.  His
neighbors wouldn't talk to him.  As his look changed, so did the people who
could be comfortable around him.  At this point in his life, he had a great
relationship with his neighbors, but cops and even a few of his ex-marine
buddies were a little wary around him.



He reasoned about that as he walked.  



The fact is, ANY look is a great asshole detector.  The only difference
between looks being that different looks detect different assholes.  Assholes
usually behave as such to the people that don't look like them.  Makes it easy
to pick them out.



The only thing that pissed him off about his current look was that every
serial killer on the news these days had a beard.  He decided to chop the
beard off when he got home.



When he arrived at the Jack-in-the-box, he was relieved to find that his beat-
up 72 Mustang had not yet been towed.  He was hungry, tired, and desperate for
coffee, but just couldn't bring himself to eat from the place.  He drove home
and managed to drink a glass of water before he crashed out on his bed with
his clothes on.



\------



At 11:24AM, his green plastic AT&T phone rang.  After seven rings, Larry sat
up in his bunkbed and wished it silent.  It kept ringing.  He had a headache,
backache, sore legs, and couldn't find his way out of a paper bag at that
moment if his life had depended on it.  But he was just barely able to reach
that fucking phone and knock it off the dresser before passing out again.  An
hour later he unplugged it to silence the offhook tone, and reluctantly got
his day started.



When it came time to shave his beard, he paused in front of the mirror with
the scissors in his hand.  "Was this what he really wanted?", he thought.



He knew he wanted to be a good person and stay capable of associating with
diverse groups of people.  But he was tired of thinking about asshole
detection.  He didn't need that.  He knew he shouldn't worry about being
associated with serial killers, either.  But killing the beard might allow him
to associate with cops again, maybe.  And besides, he was bored of the beard.
He cut it off and shaved.



Larry was happy with his new, clean-shaven look.  He had a strong, classical
look, he reasoned.  Anyway, the darker it got the prettier he would get.  He
began to get excited about asking Deena out at work that evening.  She had
told him before that she hated beards, but flirted with him at work all the
same.



Thinking about Deena, he was practically running down the stairs of his second
floor 70s-style apartment complex when he left.  He was wearing his waiters
uniform - a white shirt, black slacks.  He had the white jacket and black tie
in-hand.  His shift at the W didn't start until 3PM, but he would be there by
2PM, just in case Deena was early.  Besides, it was a wedding reception, and
he did not want to be late, get replaced, and miss the tips he knew were
coming.



\------



At the bottom of the stairs, which were of minimalist metal frame and
concrete-step construction, he saw a dark object below the steps themselves,
where his roommate used to park his bicycles before he learned that they would
get stolen every time he did that.  He almost ran to his car, parked directly
in front of the complex, but something about the shape of the object stopped
him.  He turned his head over his shoulder to get a better look.



A small pool of blood leaked from a dark blanket.  His pulse picked up.  He
froze for a moment.  Then he slowly moved to the side of the staircase, and
asked "Anyone home?"



No answer.  His heart was racing now.  "Hey, wake up!" he said.

Still no answer.

Larry rubbed his forehead with the hand that held his car keys, then put his
keys in his pocket.

Slowly, he approached the blanket.  "Hello?" he said.

He lifted one corner, slowly, near the blood pool.  Light shone on the head of
a homeless hispanic man, about 60 years old, who was apparently bleeding from
the mouth.

Larry shook what he deduced was the mans shoulder gently.  His hand came away
from the blanket bloody.

This situation being clearly beyond Larrys medical capabilities, he left the
mans head uncovered, and ran upstairs to call 911.



Thirty minutes later he was on the road to work, having stayed to answer
questions for the paramedic.  The man was unconscious, but alive, and that's
all Larry learned from the conversation.  He arrived at 2:45PM and jogged to
the wait-staff break room.



Deena was already there, sitting with Nancy, sipping coffee, and waiting for
their manager, Navid, to start the shift with assignments.  Larry immediately
sat down with them, and inserted himself in the conversation.  Nancy, getting
a clue, got up for another cup of coffee.  Larry felt bold.  He had made it
through the last 24 hours alive and to work on time, and he had quite a story
to tell for it.



Larry immediately asked Deena out to the All show the next Saturday.  



Deena looked like she was about to answer, when Navid appeared out of nowhere
to take roll in the break room and give assignments.  Navid was the quickest
wait staff manager Larry could imagine.  He moved fast, thought fast, spoke
fast, and got things done.  He was dressed impeccably in a black tuxedo.



The first thing Navid did when he saw Larry was say, "We don't have any extra
white Jackets.  They are in the wash."

Navid then continued to hand out assignments to everyone else.

Larry looked at his jacket.  He had blood stains on the lapel from handling it
after touching the injured homeless guy.

As Navid began to walk to the door, instructing others as to their tasks,
Larry asked, "Can I go to laundry and get one dried special?"

Navid pulled up his watch, only slightly slowing his pace, "No time.  You will
have to skip this shift."

"Can I just work the bar without the jacket?" Larry asked.

Navid stopped for a second, stared at Larrys uniform, then said, "No." and
disappeared.

Larry would have to miss the most lucrative shift of the week.  



Well, he was still sitting with Deena.  That was something.



Larry considered the blood stain on his jacket.  "No matter what I do I look
like an asshole.", Larry said.

"Yeah, you're right Larry.", said Deena with a smile.

Larry's jaw was stuck open.  Not the sympathetic reaction he had hoped for,
and not tounge-in-cheek, by the look on her face.

She saw Larrys look, changed hers to consoling, and raised her palm to his
shoulder, hurrying to add, "It's not how you look, though.  Like you said,
it's what you do."

Larry stared at her in even more confused disbelief than before.  Was he
*acting* like an asshole?  He didn't get it.

Deena examined Larrys face, and added, "It's what you *do* that makes you
*look* like an asshole.  You aren't an asshole.  You're a nice guy, Larry."

Larry realized he had been holding his breath.  He let it all out.

"Thanks, I think.", Larry said, and leaned back a bit, recovering.

Deena looked down.  A bit sheepishly, Larry thought.  She said, "I have to go.
I can't go to the show, I'm dating Bruce."



Larry knew that Bruce was someone people regularly called an asshole, and he
had to agree with them.



He watched Deena walk out the door, striking up conversation with Nancy again.  



Soon Larry was the only person left in the room, and his fingers began to tap
out a Frank Zappa beat.



![Creative Commons License](http://i.creativecommons.org/l/by-
sa/3.0/88x31.png)  
This work by Rich Bodo is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-
ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-
sa/3.0/deed.en_US).

